README.md, before:

# 🔊 reverb.nvim

reverb.nvim is a Neovim plugin that adds sound effects to specific autocmd events. With this plugin, you can enhance your Neovim experience by associating various sounds with different actions, providing an auditory dimension to your coding environment.

https://github.com/whleucka/reverb.nvim/assets/71740767/1e3a16f0-8562-41fd-8d71-bb136ab953e3

⭐ *Turn sound on* 

Any suggestions or help is welcome and appreciated 😄

## Dependencies

Sound files cam be played with `paplay`, `pw-play` or `mpv`. Check with your local package manager if you're not sure.

## Installation

By default, reverb.nvim does *not* ship with any sounds. To get started, configure the plugin's options in your Neovim configuration. Here's an example of customizing the sounds using [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim):

```lua
{
  "whleucka/reverb.nvim",
  event = "BufReadPre",
  opts = {
    player = "paplay", -- options: paplay (default), pw-play, mpv
    max_sounds = 20, -- Limit the amount of sounds that can play at the same time
    sounds = {
      -- add custom sound paths for other events here
      -- eg. EVENT = "/some/path/to/sound.mp3"
      BufRead = { path = sound_dir .. "start.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      CursorMovedI = { path = sound_dir .. "click.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      InsertLeave = { path = sound_dir .. "toggle.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      ExitPre = { path = sound_dir .. "exit.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      BufWrite = { path = sound_dir .. "save.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
    },
  },
}
```

## Sound Effects

Free (CC0) interface sounds at [https://www.kenney.nl/assets/interface-sounds](https://www.kenney.nl/assets/interface-sounds)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

update: README.md
Include info about enable / disable.

README.md, after:

# 🔊 reverb.nvim

reverb.nvim is a Neovim plugin that adds sound effects to specific autocmd events. With this plugin, you can enhance your Neovim experience by associating various sounds with different actions, providing an auditory dimension to your coding environment.

https://github.com/whleucka/reverb.nvim/assets/71740767/1e3a16f0-8562-41fd-8d71-bb136ab953e3

⭐ *Turn sound on* 

Any suggestions or help is welcome and appreciated 😄

## Dependencies

Sound files cam be played with `paplay`, `pw-play` or `mpv`. Check with your local package manager if you're not sure.

## Installation

To get started, configure the plugin's options in your Neovim configuration. Here's an example of customizing the sounds using [Lazy](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim):

```lua
{
  "whleucka/reverb.nvim",
  event = "BufReadPre",
  opts = {
    player = "paplay", -- options: paplay (default), pw-play, mpv
    max_sounds = 20, -- Limit the amount of sounds that can play at the same time
    sounds = {
      -- add custom sound paths for other events here
      -- eg. EVENT = "/some/path/to/sound.mp3"
      BufRead = { path = sound_dir .. "start.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      CursorMovedI = { path = sound_dir .. "click.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      InsertLeave = { path = sound_dir .. "toggle.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      ExitPre = { path = sound_dir .. "exit.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
      BufWrite = { path = sound_dir .. "save.ogg", volume = 0-100 },
    },
  },
}
```

Sounds can be enabled with `:ReverbEnable` and disabled with `:ReverbDisable`.

## Sound Effects

- By default, reverb.nvim does *not* ship with any sounds. 
- Free (CC0) interface sounds at [https://www.kenney.nl/assets/interface-sounds](https://www.kenney.nl/assets/interface-sounds)

## License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).
